Clarify prefix length meaning (#26)
tfpauly/draft-age-masque-connect-ip: draft-age-masque-connect-ip.md

IP Prefix Length:

> : The number of bits in the IP Address that are used to define the prefix of

Author: ```suggestion
: The number of bits in the IP Address that are used to define the prefix
```

> that is assigned. This MUST be lesser or equal to the length of the IP Address

Author: ```suggestion
that is being assigned. This MUST be less than or equal to the length of the IP Address
```
